{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dascalu\
Dr. Dascalu is the Director of the Software Engineering Laboratory (SOELA) and the Co-Director of the Cyber Infrastructure Lab (CIL). His main research interests include Software Engineering and Human-Computer Interaction.\
\
ECC\
The Engineering Computing Center is for the use of students that are pursuing a major or minor in the College of Engineering. It is also available to anyone that is currently taking an engineering or computer science class.\
\
Robotics Lab\
Dr. David Feil-Seifer and Dr. Monica Nicolescu run the Robotics Lab. Some of the research interests of these professors include: socially assistive robotics, artificial intelligence, human-robot interaction, and behavior-based control.\
\
Bebis\
Dr. Bebis is the chair of the CSE department as well as a professor. His research interests include: computer vision, image processing, machine learning, and pattern recognition. His research has been funded by the NSF and NASA, among others.\
\
Harris\
Dr. Harris is the professor in charge of the High Performance Computation and Visualization (HPCVIS) Lab. His research interests include: computer graphics, parallel computing, cortical simulation, and virtual reality.\
\
Nancy\
Prof. LaTourette is a lecturer for the CSE department. Her research interests include: discrete mathematics, theory of computation, and systems administration. \
\
Monica\
Dr. Nicolescu is one of the professors in charge of the Robotics Lab. Her research interests include: robotics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, human robot interaction, and multi-robot systems.\
\
Gunes\
Dr. Gunes is a professor that works in the Computer Network Lab. His research interests include: communications, complex networks, internet measurements, and network security. Much of his gets funded by the NSF.\
\
Yuksel\
Dr. Yuksel is an associate professor for the CSE department. His research interests include: networked and wireless systems, optical wireless, big-data networking, and cloud-assisted routing.  \
\
Bobby bryant\
Dr. Bryant is an assistant professor for the CSE department. His research interests include: machine learning, agent modeling, biologically inspired methods, and simulated biological intelligence.\
\
Eelke\
Dr. Folmer is an associate professor for the CSE department. His research focuses on designing, building, and evaluating technology to address high impact social problems pertaining to assistive technology, \'93real world\'94 accessibility, health and well-being.\
\
Varol\
Dr. Varol is a professor for the CSE department. His research interests include: parallel computing, algorithm design and analysis, data fusion, and discrete simulation and modeling.\
\
Dave\
Dr. Feil-Seifer is an assistant professor that works in the Robotics Lab. His research interests include: socially assistive robotics, human-robot interaction, machine learning, and ethics in computing.\
\
Leverington\
Dr. Leverington is a lecturer for the CSE department. His research interests include: curriculum and course development, teaching effectiveness, and problem-solving (human and computer).\
\
Mircea\
Dr. Nicolescu is an associate professor for the CSE department. His research interests include: computer vision, three-dimensional reconstruction, and image and video segmentation.\
\
Sushil\
Dr. Louis is a professor for the CSE department. His research interests include: genetic algorithms, serious games, game artificial intelligence, and engineering design and optimization.\
\
Shamik\
Dr. Sengupta is an assistant professor for the CSE department. His research interests include: wireless network and mobile computing, network security, covert communications, and dynamic spectrum access.\
\
ECSL\
}